Add calendar to info on checkout (#1577)
carpentries/instructor-training: learners/checkout.md

with representatives from specific Carpentries committees or subcommunities, or to address a theme of special interest to our
community.

> When signing up on the [Community Discussion Etherpad][discussion], be sure to examine the description of your event carefully. Upcoming Community Discussions are also shown on the [Community Events Calendar][community-calendar], which can make the dates and tAlso, **take care to double check

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When signing up on the [Community Discussion Etherpad][discussion], be sure to examine the description of your event carefully. Upcoming Community Discussions are also shown on the [Community Events Calendar][community-calendar], which can make the dates and times easier to see. Also, **take care to double check
```
